So, then, when we import our default export from our reducers folder,
that will be our main route reducer.
And so, let's go ahead and do that now.
So, inside of index.js is where we want to actually go ahead and
create our store as well as wrap
our app inside of the provider components we can pass it our store.
So, what we'll do is head over to your terminal,
and we need to install a few different things.
So, what we will do is, let's say,
yarn add we want react-redux as well as redux.
Then once those are done,
go ahead and start your application again and head back over to your main index.js file.
and what we want to do is we want to be able to create a store,
so this package is going to come from redux.
We want to be able to wrap our app in this provider component,
which we can grab from react-redux,
and then we want our reducer,
which is going to come from our reducers folder.
So, then in order to create our store,
all we need to do is call create store passing it our reducer.
Now, we can wrap our main app component inside of this provider component,
and we need to make sure that we pass provider,
our stores, that it can stick it on context.
So, what we'll do in the next video is we need to add
some middleware to our application so that this syntax right here,
where we return a function rather than an object from our action creators,
will be supported, and we
can check out our console to make sure we don't have any errors.
It looks like we have one. Just a typo that you
probably noticed right here inside of authedUsers.
So, now we should be good. So, what we'll do in
the next video is we will add in that middleware.